---
slug: whats-new-in-4-1-0
title: FoxWallet 4.1.0 - Spacemsh,Core,ANS,Qtum NFT
tags: [changelog]
---

We are pleased to announce the release of FoxWallet 4.1.0 update. Please find below the details of this update.
<!--truncate-->

### Added support for Spacemesh
[Spacemesh](https://spacemesh.io/) is a unique protocol using a race-free, mesh-based system for block production. Miners, called smeshers, submit proof of space time through activation transactions to become eligible to create blocks. The protocol employs a consensus mechanism called "Tortoise beacon" to determine when and how blocks are produced, ensuring fairness and security within the network. This design enables a fair distribution of block creation among smeshers and facilitates secure validation for new participants joining the network.  

Go to "Me" -> "Networks" -> find and enable `Spacemesh`.

### Introduced the Core Blockchain network
[CORE](https://coredao.org/) is a cryptocurrency network introducing the "Satoshi Plus" consensus mechanism, a fusion of Proof of Work (PoW) and Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS). By leveraging the strengths of each, CORE seeks to address the decentralization, scalability, and security challenges faced by traditional blockchain systems. Positioned as the initial implementation of this process, CORE aims to create a successful currency, foster Web 3 adoption, and achieve network effects through community support. The network embodies security, scalability, and decentralization, and addresses governance through the Core DAO.  

Go to "Me" -> "Networks" -> find and enable `Core Blockchain`.

### Enabled ANS domain name resolution support
[Aleo Name Service (ANS)](https://aleonames.id/) is a decentralized domain name system on the [Aleo platform](https://aleo.org/), enabling users to manage, resolve, and set domain names. It creates human-readable addresses, enhances privacy and security, and integrates seamlessly with Aleo's decentralized network. Users retain control and management of domain names, promoting trust and integrity within the community. ANS provides essential features such as setting custom domain name resolutions and transferring ownership of domain names. Users can access ANS through the official website or command line interfaces.

### Added support for Qtum NFTs
Qtum is the world's first smart contract platform based on the Proof-of-Stake (PoS) mechanism. In this version, you can manage NFTs on Qtum, view NFT information, and perform transfers.

### Bug fixes and improved user experience
- Fixed Wallet Connect connection issues
- Addressed several list-related issues
- Resolved Scroll send max problem
- Fixed intermittent avatar display issues
- Addressed DID switching without timely refresh of FoxCredit issue
- Resolved GasSetting crash problem

### 
We are committed to providing you with a better product and user experience. Thank you for your support of FoxWallet! If you encounter any issues or have any feedback, please feel free to contact us at any time.