---
slug: whats-new-in-4-0-2
title: FoxWallet 4.0.2 - Scroll Mainnet,Qtum Dapp
tags: [changelog]
---

We are pleased to announce the release of FoxWallet 4.0.2 update. Please find below the details of this update.
<!--truncate-->

### Scroll Mainnet is now live on FoxWallet
[Scroll](https://scroll.io/) is a zkEVM-based zkRollup on Ethereum that enables native compatibility for existing Ethereum applications and tools.  
Go to "Me" -> "Networks" -> find and enable `Scroll`.

### Enhanced support for Qtum dApp interaction
FoxWallet can now support interaction with dApps on Qtum, experience the charm of BTC and Ethereum combined.  
If you are a Qtum dApp developer, you can read https://hc.foxwallet.com/docs/developer/provider/qtum-provider for more technical details.

### Bug fixes and improved user experience
- Fixed WalletConnect connection issue
- Improved stability of retrieving transaction history
- Fixed issue of camera indicator remaining on after exiting scan page
- Add warning when QR code content is a web link
- Renamed Opside to Lumoz
- Fixed issue of built-in browser unable to connect to dApp in some cases
- Collapse display of unverified tokens on Add Token page
- Added Swap task
- Optimized fiat deposit page
- Fixed issue of duplicate requests in some cases

### 
We are committed to providing you with a better product and user experience. Thank you for your support of FoxWallet! If you encounter any issues or have any feedback, please feel free to contact us at any time.