---
slug: whats-new-in-4-1-3
title: FoxWallet 4.1.3 - Nostr,EIP6963
tags: [changelog]
---

We are pleased to announce the release of FoxWallet 4.1.3 update. Please find below the details of this update.
<!--truncate-->

### Added support for Nostr
[Nostr](https://nostr.com/) is now supported by FoxWallet, providing a simple, open protocol that enables global, decentralized, and censorship-resistant social media. Each Nostr account is based on a public/private key pair.   

Your public key serves as your username, while your private key functions as your password; however, it cannot be reset if lost.  

It's imperative to store your private key securely, such as in a password manager.   

With our integration of Nostr, users can now utilize its decentralized social media capabilities seamlessly within our software.

### Added support for dottaiko domain resolution
FoxWallet now incorporates support for [DotTaiko](https://dottaiko.me/), a blockchain-based domain-naming service available on the Taiko blockchain.   

With DotTaiko, users can convert their complex Taiko wallet addresses into simple and easy-to-read domain names.   

For example, DotTaiko converts addresses like 0x123abc to intuitive domain names like DotTaiko.taiko.   

Through this integration, users can easily manage and transact using domain names instead of complex wallet addresses, streamlining their interactions within the Taiko blockchain.

### Displaying ReScan progress
We have introduced a feature to display ReScan progress within our software, enhancing user transparency and control over the scanning process.  

This functionality provides real-time visibility into the progress of ReScan operations, enabling users to track and understand the status of this crucial process efficiently.

### Added support for EIP6963
FoxWallet now supports [EIP-6963](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6963), enhancing the discovery of multiple injected wallet providers.   

This update enables seamless coexistence of multiple browser extension wallets, ensuring stability, clarity, and predictability across various contexts. With this support, users can enjoy a smoother experience when working with multiple browser extension wallets, contributing to improved web3 UX and promoting mainstream adoption.

### Bug fixes and improved user experience
- Matching historical records when entering website addresses
- OneId now supports Solana
- Enhanced interaction for selecting NFT avatars
- Improved user interface for fiat currency deposits
- Optimized ZKFair transfers and gas estimation
- Advanced mode for transfers now supports custom nonces
- Return error codes during EVM dApp interactions
- Fixed issue with inadequate priority fee during transaction acceleration
- Fixed BRC20 transfer and acceleration issues
- Resolved incorrect jailbreak detection

### 
We are committed to providing you with a better product and user experience. Thank you for your support of FoxWallet! If you encounter any issues or have any feedback, please feel free to contact us at any time.