---
slug: whats-new-in-4-1-5
title: FoxWallet 4.1.5 - Coreum,Berachain,Aleo Faucet
tags: [changelog]
---

We are pleased to announce the release of FoxWallet 4.1.5 update. Please find below the details of this update.
<!--truncate-->

### Added network Coreum
[Coreum](https://www.coreum.com/) is a third-generation, enterprise-grade Layer-1 blockchain designed to serve as core infrastructure for decentralized applications, featuring ISO20022 compatibility, IBC interoperability, and innovative Smart Tokens.   

The network ensures high throughput, cost-effective fees, and unmatched scalability. WASM-based smart contracts enable diverse use cases, while the low-latency, PoS network drives rapid, secure, and modular applications, accelerating decentralized tech adoption in large-scale organizations.   

Coreum is fast, cost-effective, and environmentally friendly due to its Bonded Proof of Stake (BPoS) consensus mechanism, avoiding the high energy costs of other blockchains, while its scalability and throughput ensure that network operations do not incur exorbitant fees.

### Added network Berachain Artio
[Berachain](https://www.berachain.com/) is a high-performance EVM-compatible blockchain built on `Proof-of-Liquidity` consensus. This novel consensus mechanism aims to align network incentives, creating strong synergy between Berachain validators and the ecosystem of projects. Berachain's technology is built on Polaris, a high-performance blockchain framework for building EVM-compatible chains on top of the CometBFT consensus engine.

### Aleo Extension and Faucet
We are pleased to announce that the Aleo plugin wallet for FoxWallet is now officially live. The plugin is fully open-source and the code can be viewed at https://github.com/foxwallet/foxwallet-extension. Transaction synchronization and decryption are conducted locally, ensuring strong privacy protection for users. For installation, please visit https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/foxwallet/pmmnimefaichbcnbndcfpaagbepnjaig .  

Additionally, we have launched the Aleo Faucet feature, where any FoxWallet user can receive a certain amount of Aleo test tokens for free. Furthermore, users can exchange more Aleo test tokens through the rewards store using FoxCredit. Aleo test tokens enable users to experience and familiarize themselves with the functionalities of the Aleo network.

### Bug fixes and improved user experience
- Use better api to estimate Bitcoin fee rate
- Added `ZETA_ATHENS_3` and deprecate `ZETA_ATHENS_2`
- Allow edit gas manually when estimating failed
- Correctly return provider exceptions

### 
We are committed to providing you with a better product and user experience. Thank you for your support of FoxWallet! If you encounter any issues or have any feedback, please feel free to contact us at any time.